Dave here for ground station TV and
ready-made RC and we're down at the 2015
CFL meet down here in Central Florida
this is a great meet we're dealing with
a little bit of rain and mud but
everybody out here having a great time
so let's go check it out
Oh
the organizers of the meat did a great
job to host this event and of course
mother nature is something that's out of
our control but the Central Florida team
really did their best to keep the event
moving and a fun time for everyone
racing was a big part of this fpv event
and the flying field goes to the course
filled with sponsored banners flags and
gates to date this was one of the most
pro looking fields for racing and part
of what i expect FPV racing to look like
as a hobby progresses into more
organized racing multicopters dominated
the race track all weekend and there
were some amazing pilots willing to
navigate the treacherous course laden
with soggy cow pies and swampy puddles
an error in judgment could mean certain
death to anyone's build so it really
took a lot of nerve to risk it all for a
shot at a win
here got one down for us
for the first aid pop they go we got
three in the air and before it's coming
they all died for the first game so far
so good around the first number one back
straight we've got an early leader as
you scream down the back stretch through
the linear game
the true
the same but it's fun
not only carpets down the front straight
but that ended in a big splash does not
look good you know you like it or
anything like that at 255 into
let's give a round of applause part of
what makes fpv meets so much fun is
seeing all the cool builds and
technology meeting great people and
enjoying an environment that fosters
progress and growth of the Hobby new
technology was present at the show and
ready-made RC added to that by showing
off to new air frames with the
ready-made RC Mako and the mini sky
hunter during demo time people were
offered a chance to test either new
model with options to fly line of sight
or via fpv both planes performed well
with testers drying aerobatics stall
tests and proximity flying
you
while multirotors were an ever-present
force those with fixed-wing craft didn't
hesitate to bring him out and turn up
the heat needless to say the crowds were
given a great show all weekend long
all weekend at cfl was everything fpv
from sunup to well past sundown
culminating with a Florida style
firework show sponsored by ready-made RC
whether you're into ground vehicles
multicopters fixed-wing craft or
experimental builds there was something
to see and enjoy for nerc and fpv
enthusiasts
you
walk in the flight line it was great to
see so many people out there just having
a blast even in the face of less than
ideal weather add to that some fun
contests and overall entertainment and
the meat was a real success
and that's it from the 2015 CFL fpb meet
down here in Central Florida if you ever
out here when they're hosting this event
come on through foreground station TV
and ready-made RC this is Dave thanks
for watching